# P3-P0Analyzer

# General Information
This Automation requires the use of:
-   CMD.exe
-   Git
-   Google Chrome
-   Microsoft Excel
-   Microsoft Word
-   Adobe Acrobat Reader DC 
-   UiPath Orchestrator
-   UiPath Assistant
-   UiPath Web Browser Automation for Chrome

**Please note:** The automation was built in Windows 10 and requires that you have not changed the location of your System32 folder from the C: drive on your machine, as access to CMD.exe is required.

This automation will check user MVP and README.md for noted functionality. You will need to follow the batch trainer format in the Github as a wiki and have a section with the header noted as:

`## MVP`

In the markdown language (file extension .md). The subsections for the MVP functions need to be noted in this format:
- [ ] MVP 1
- [ ] MVP 2
- [ ] MVP 3

This will work for any number of MVP goals. For associates, they will need to update their README.md files with the MVP goals checked off in the markdown language if they have checked off said MVP. Else, leave the boxes blank.

**Note**: Do not use this Format for Stretch Goals
- [x] MVP 1
- [x] MVP 2
- [x] MVP 3
- [ ] MVP 4

The P0analyzer extracts data from an excel sheet stored in a “Repo” storage bucket. See Automation Input section for proper formatting.

 

### Git Diff Generation Notes

This Automation will take advantage of a built-in function for running a git diff of the given user repositories. Once the repositories have been cloned, our automation will compare each repository to a different repository once. 

Modifications can be made to compare each repository to every other repository twice, with one being a comparer, and the other acting as the compared. For this automation, saving time was a key factor so each repository is compared once, and a report is generated with the created information. The command used to compare is listed below.

`git diff --no-index -B1% -M1% --find-copies-harder [repository_1] [repository_2]`

This will compare every file and give a percentage value based on its similarity to another file. To assist with finding individuals that are willing to copy and paste code, any files that show a 95% match or higher are marked as one-one and denoted as such in the report.

 

### Input of Automation
Please ensure that the associates understand the rules of creating proper README.md files to take advantage of the reporting features.
A storage bucket titled “Repos” must be created, and should be created for you when using the website, an excel file will need to be stored there.

The excel file must have the cells filled in the following format (proper capitalization is required):

|Name|UserName|Repo URL|
|--|--|--|
|Associate 1|Github username 1|URL1|
|Associate 2|Github username 2|URL2|


### Output of Automation
All the given output files generated by the git diff automation will attempt to be upload to your orchestrator if you have a storage bucket named “OutputFiles”. This will assist you as you will want to look through the output to know if a particular associate shows a high number of one to one files or if they have a high similarity percentage..

A .pdf report is then generated in the WordEntities folder with:

A report for each repository if they completed MVP or if the README.md is present and if that repository has any one-to-one file match with any of the other listed repositories. The average similarity index shows the presented average generated when compared against the other listed repositories.

A raw data table is appended to the report with the following contents:

|teamA|teamB|oneToOneAlert|meanSimIndex|matchCount|
|--|--|--|--|--|
 
A data table with associate information is also appended to the report with the following contents:
|Repo Url|Repo Name|Team Name|Username|
|--|--|--|--|




 ## Software Prerequisites

- Windows 10
- UiPath Studio 
  - v2021.10.3
- UiPath Assistant
- Uipath Orchestrator
  - https://cloud.uipath.com/
- Chrome Browser
- UiPath Chrome Browser Extension
  - Home -> Tools -> UiPath Extensions -> Chrome Extension
- Microsoft Excel (Office 365 Subscription)
- Adobe Acrobat Reader DC
- Command prompt 

## UiPath Studio Project Dependencies (minimum package version requirements)

- UiPath.PDF.Activities 
  - v3.4.1
- UiPath.UIAutomation.Activities 
  - v21.10.3
- UiPath.System.Activities 
  - v21.10.2
- UiPath.PDF.Activities 
  - v3.4.1
- UiPath.Mail.Activities
  - v1.12.3